this is for you we think you're so brave
you like the girl from The Fault in our
but real I think they mean well oh what
an ironic name for a girl dying of
cancer don't you think it's my note from
the doctor for life no homework teachers
let me slide people are nice to you I
love attention just as much as the next
person there are no signs of cancer in
both hopes blood work and her PET scan
what are you saying we're talking about
clinical remission here yes it's back to
home work I like things the way they are
I like my boyfriend I like my friends I
have to tell people until you know I get
my life your kids are girl and Kai's
girlfriend of course where did you get
in make a wish you can get a Hawkeye at
make a wish I want to answer
these are all pot I'm on your campaign
part I'm gonna stick them all over the
city there are so many I know you're not
gonna be around forever so I wanted to
tell you I love you I love you too
Connie Paul Thomas wait you didn't even
tell them yet I just need more time
oh my god that is such a non terminal
person thing to say I'm gonna fix this I
promise
who cares if you're sorry you have to do
something about it
when will you look at Heath Ledger James
Dean or Janis Joplin is it better to die
popular and play the loser you lied to
me it wasn't hot today it just came out
high school it's just hard
how the high school is learning how to
live in this world you gotta let her
figure it out
tantor and I were inseparable since I
was 12
it became familiar I lost sight of what
really mattered my real friends and
family
[Music]